attention turns to Qatar on Wednesday
for another round of Gaza ceasefire
talks they come after Egypt's President
Abdel fat LC met CIA director William
Burns in Cairo CC reaffirmed his
position opposing Israel's military
operations in Gaza he stressed the
importance of a two-state solution and
preventing the conflict from expanding
in the
region isra government has banned Al
jaaz from reporting from there so ham
salut sent us this update now from the
Jord Capital
Aman Israeli officials speaking
anonymously say that it's still
premature to say where these talks are
at but that there has been agreement on
smaller agenda items in these ceasefire
discussions but they're saying that
they're willing to put an immense effort
to try and reach a deal because there's
a genuine opportunity for a breakthrough
even if it's going to take time there
are still heavy sticking points from
both sides and remember that back on
Sunday Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu released a list of several
non-negotiable items going into these
talks at the top of that list was him
saying that until all of the objectives
of the war are met until there's an
absolute victory over Hamas the war must
continue even if there is a pause in the
fighting that's secured as a result of
these talks meanwhile on Monday Hamas
released several statements among them
saying that continued military action
and aggression in the Gaza Strip is
going to derail these talks and that
negotiators should intervene
and all this comes as there's been
continued mounting pressure on Benjamin
Netanyahu from families of Israeli
captives to secure a deal immediately
they've been continuously protesting his
leadership saying that he is neither
capable nor willing to secure a deal now
the Israel delegation is expected in the
katari capital Doha on Wednesday where
they will then head to the Egyptian
Capital Cairo on Thursday once again for
continued negotiations while there are
still heavy sticking points between both
sides ham salut Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer